docs: clarify native addressing (#1036)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/how-to/address-ipfs-on-web.md

#### Manual — use cid.ipfs.io or the command line

> One can also do the conversion manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can also do the conversion manually.

```

## Native URLs

```plaintext
ipfs://{cid}/path/to/subresource/cat.jpg
```

The native address format is the same as a [subdomain gateway](https://docs.ipfs.io/how-to/address-ipfs-on-web/#subdomain-gateway) HTTP URL, but with:

- protocol scheme replaced by `ipfs` or `ipns` namespace
- location-based authority component (gateway host+port) replaced with content-addressed one in the form of a unique content identifier (CID)

For example:

```plaintext
ipfs://{cidv1}
ipfs://{cidv1}/path/to/resource
ipfs://{cidv1}/path/to/resource?query=foo#fragment

ipns://{cidv1-libp2p-key}
ipns://{cidv1-libp2p-key}/path/to/resource
ipns://{dnslink-name}/path/to/resource?query=foo#fragment
```

> ::: tip
> 
> Our North Star here is to reuse existing standards to maximize interop with existing user agents like browsers and CLI tools, so if something is not clear, HTTP URL rules apply.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip
Our main goal here is to reuse existing standards that maximize interoperability with existing user-agents like browsers and CLI tools. If something is not clear, HTTP URL rules apply.
:::
```

ipfs://bafybeiemxf5abjwjbikoz4mc3a3dla6ual3jsgpdr4cjr3oz3evfyavhwq/wiki/Vincent_van_Gogh.html
```

::: warning Avoid case-sensitive CID in ipfs://

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Some user agents will force-lowercase the CID component of URL-like address.
To ensure interop with existing libraries and software, use case-insensitive CID encoding. Use of CIDv1 in Base32 or Base36 is advised.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

:::

### Turning native address to a canonical content path

Every "URL" address can be turned back into a content path with ease:

> `ipfs://{immutable-root}/path/to/resourceA` → `/ipfs/{immutable-root}/path/to/resourceA`  
> `ipns://{mutable-root}/path/to/resourceB` → `/ipns/{mutable-root}/path/to/resourceB`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
